### Conceptual Exercise

Answer the following questions below:

- What is PostgreSQL?

PostgreSQL is an open source relational database management system that is competitive with Oracle and SQL Server.


- What is the difference between SQL and PostgreSQL?

SQL is a declarive programming language, and PostgreSQL is an environment along with an implementation of a relational
database management system, along with its own flavor of SQL.


- In `psql`, how do you connect to a database?

psql -d dbname -U username -h hostname -p portnum


- What is the difference between `HAVING` and `WHERE`?

where - condition on individual rows
having - condition on aggregates of many rows resulting from group by


- What is the difference between an `INNER` and `OUTER` join?

inner joins - intersection of A and B
outer joins - is the intersection A and B, plus all rows from the outer table

- What is the difference between a `LEFT OUTER` and `RIGHT OUTER` join?

left outer join results in all the rows from left and only the common rows from right
right outer join results in all the rows from right and only the common rows from left

- What is an ORM? What do they do?

ORM - object-relational mapping, uses object-oriented code to query and manipulate relational databases


- What are some differences between making HTTP requests using AJAX
  and from the server side using a library like `requests`?

An HTTP request results in the browser client redrawing the browser from replacing the entire HTML content
whereas an AJAX request results in a data packet that can be used to selectively update HTML elements.

- What is CSRF? What is the purpose of the CSRF token?

CSRF - cross-site request forgery is an attack by a third party that tricks a user to enter their login credential using
a third party site.
The purpose of the CSRF token is to a unique value that is generated by the server, and used to prevent CSRF attacks.


- What is the purpose of `form.hidden_tag()`?
form.hidden_tag defines a hidden form field that used by Flask-WTF to implement CSRF.
